>> Maximiliano Firtman: And also we
have something known as a maskable PNG.
So, let's get into that.
It's used in Android 8 by default.
So Android 8+, that is 90% of the Android
out there, preferred a maskable PNG.
What's that?
It's a logo designed with icon mask and
safe zone in mind, such that any blah,
blah, blah, blah, goes what?
Let me show you an example.
Okay, and you will get it.
So from Android 8,
we have something known as adaptive icons.
The launcher can define several shapes,
so you can define a shape and
some phones they have one shape,
some forms they have other shapes.
Sometimes, each manufacturer is
changing the shape of your icons.
Okay, does it make sense?
So that means that your icon
will be cut with a mask.
So the maskable icon will solve
the problem of different shapes.
Will still provide a square icon, but
with enough discardable padding
content out of a safe area, okay?
So this is from the spec.
This is the official image from the spec.
It's a centrally position circle with
a radius of 40% of the icon width.
Let me show you an example.
This is the square of our icon,
then we need to get and
draw a circle in the middle with the
radius of 40% of the whole width, okay?
That's the safe area.
So, for example, if I have this icon,
this is a calculator icon, okay?
If I apply that rule and
apply the mask there, we have a problem,
I have parts of my calculator
outside of the safe zone.
So my icons may look like this
on real phones, so it's wrong.
So what do we need to do with this?
We can add more padding.
So now we fit into the safe zone and
our icons will look nice, okay?
Makes sense?
But for other devices that
they're not, like desktop,
maybe you don't wanna provide this one
because you say, too much padding,
because the icon will look like this,
on desktop.
Okay, makes sense?
So that's why you should provide both,
the maskable and
the non-maskable one, and
each device will pick one.
How the device knows if it's
a maskable icon or not?
Well, because we say so
with a property "purpose",
we say this is the maskable version.
Okay, makes sense?
And how to do a maskable icon if you're
not, we don't wanna use Photoshop or
whatever tool you use for that.
We have a nice simple to use PWA
available at maskable.app.
And by the way, we have the app TLD now,
top-level domain .app
that is actually managed by Google and
you can actually go and get one.
And a lot of PWAs today are getting .app.
Okay, for example, the one that we saw,
the store.app, is actually .app.